being able to make your own music
completes the tasks of being on the show
if you have any ideas of what you're
thinking about actually Ryan plays panel
making it a beat
oh that's nasty man listening to Ryan
jamming on the piano we realize you
really have to make it work onstage this
is the number that really matters so we
are gonna do our part by laying our hot
on that stage out of everything I've
ever wanted to win this is the one thing
that I want to win with my friends my
best friends
can't press it all the right notes and
come out on top of the dance world and
their last chance to hook the boaters at
home with their original performance
called orquestra here's Quest Crew
Oh
Groo tricks out their routine and one
last effort to capture your votes you
want quest to take home the championship
trophy vote for them by calling 187 7rj
crew - or text - to the number two two
four four foreboding opens at the end of
the show